c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\GitSample.exe.config
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\obj\Debug\GitSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\chromedriver.exe
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\chromedriver-license.txt
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\GitSample.exe
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\GitSample.pdb
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\obj\Debug\GitSample.exe
c:\users\smahadik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitSample\GitSample\obj\Debug\GitSample.pdb
